You're standing in the middle of the storm. You're standing outside a house facing its entrance, it looks dark and horrifying. Considering the storm you have no choice but to seek shelter and enter.
You see powerlines on the ground and no place to go.
A loooooooong daaaaaaark roooaad...
Fallen trees makes it impossible for an escape.
You've entered the hallway. You see a big golden lamp hanging from the roof dangling. The lightbulbs seems to be broken.
It is to dark to see what is in this direction.
You see a blank wall with some numbers on it: 4 8 15 16 23 42.
There are two mirrors on the wall, only one of them has a crack in it. On the floor you see a muddy doormatt and what seems to be blood. Through the door you can see that it is still crushing winds and raining outside.
There seems to be a door to the next room, there's cracks on the doorframe. On the side of it there is a painting, probably from the old house owners who used to live here.
Looks like this is the living room.
There's a tv, a dvd, a stereo against the wall, above it there's a bookshelf with dvd movies on it.
There's a few boxes near the door entrance, they say "kitchen stuff" and seem to be old.
You see 2 amplifiers in each corner, a window and a pot on the windowpane. The flower seems dead.
You see an open door, on the door there is a picture on a knife. There are two lamps on boths side of the doorframe.
This seems to be a dining room. There are 4 dark chairs, one has something carved on it,
a table with red tablecloth and there is still some plates on the table with food on them.
There is a window.. Woah! Flashing lights! Seems like the thunder started.
You see the door frame, right next to it there is some lines on the wall, probably for measuring heights on children.
There is another room but the door is almost closed so you can't see more. It says something above the door.. Andy....
There is something shining in the room in front of you. You can't tell what it is. There is a shelf with some books to the left. Seems to be all about sci-fi.
You entered the childs room. There is legos on the ground and the roof is all moldy.
There is a trashcan in the left corner, the lego cardboard is in it.
It is raining outside the window.
There is a bed in the right corner, it is unmade. It looks like it is dusty.
It is raining outside the window. There is a valve underneath the window.
The floor sqeaks when you enter the room, there's a big bed with spiderwebs all over, it's the masterbedroom.. and there seems to be someone in it...!
The curtains are slighly off and there's a doll hanging from it's neck in the window.
You see the dining room
You see the womans drawer and there's old clothes everywhere.
The bed is right infront of you, wait... there's someone in it!